behind-the-back arm pull:BEHIND-THE-BACK ARM PULL(Chest) -> Place both arms behind your back, holding your hands together by interlocking your fingers. Then, pull your arms down such that your chest pushes outward and upward.
wall-assisted arm pull:WALL-ASSISTED ARM PULL(Pectorals) -> Placing your hand next to a wall, turn your body away from that arm such that your chest and arm make a 180 degree angle.
neck roll:NECK ROLL(Neck) -> Standing or sitting with your back straight up, roll your head in one direction slowly for several times. Avoid doing this stretch if your neck is comapratively sore.
shoulder roll:SHOULDER ROLL(Neck) -> Standing with your back straight up, steadily raise your shoulders and then roll them back down without bending your elbows. As your shoulders roll down, the base of your neck should be stretched.
child's pose:CHILD'S POSE(Lower Back) -> Similar to a prostration pose, kneel with your knees tucked into your body and touching the ground. Straighten both arms and lay them on the ground above your head as you look down. Make sure you compress your body downward as much as possible
cow pose:COW POSE(Lower Back) -> While kneeling on the ground, place both hands in front and on the ground. Without bending your elbows, raise your bottom upward while keeping your upper body up, such that your lower spine bends in.
cobra pose:COBRA POSE(Abdominals/Lower Back/Trapezius) -> First, lie completely flat on the ground, face first. Then, placing both hands in the ground in front of your body, slowly lift up your head and upper body, bending your back upwards.
overhead stretch:OVERHEAD STRETCH(Triceps/Latissimus Dorsi) -> Reach one arm in the air over your head, bend the elbow, and place the hand behind your back, hand flat. Keep the arm in place with the other arm by holding onto the elbow.
standing biceps stretch:STANDING BICEPS STRETCH(Biceps) -> With both arms behind your back, hold hands together by locking fingers, then place them onto you back. The higher the hands are on your back, the more the biceps are stretched.
wrist pull:WRIST PULL(Forearms) -> Holding one arm out and forward, bring the other hand to grab the fingertips of the stretched hand, pulling them in. This stretch has a myriad of variations based on how you position your arm and whether your fingertips are pointed upward or to the side.
wall press:WALL PRESS(Trapezius) -> Place both arms on a wall, relatively high up. Then, lower your body and head while keeping your spine straight. Move your feet back if necessary.
active floor stretch:ACTIVE FLOOR STRETCH(Latissimus Dorsi) -> In the cow position, move your arms to point in one direction (leftward or rightward). If your arms are pointed leftward, your right latissimus is stretched, and vice versa when rightward.
seated-leg stretch:SEATED-LEG-STRETCH(Gluteal Muscles) -> While seated, bring one leg up and turn it to be parallel to the ground. Rest it in that position on the other leg, and move your body forward and downward.
raised-leg stretch:RAISED-LEG-STRETCH(Gluteal Muscles) -> While lying on the ground, curl one leg and bring in towards your body and chest. The exercise stretches the gluteal muscles less than the Seated-Leg Stretch, but is much more manageable.
standing quad stretch:STANDING QUAD STRETCH(Quadriceps) -> Standing up straight, bend one leg backward and hold it in place with one hand (preferably the corresponding hand).
lunges:LUNGES(Quadriceps) -> Standard lunges done in Phys-Ed class are also great stretches for the lunges. The exercise actively works out the quadriceps as you alternate the leg positions after several seconds.
standing hamstring stretch:STANDING HAMSTRING STRETCH(Hamstrings) -> While standing, lift your leg up and rest it on a slightly elevated surface as you keep that leg straight. The more elevated the surface is, the more the hamstrings are stretched.
tip-toe stretch:TIP-TOE STRETCH(Calves) -> While seated, keep your feet on the ground and lift your legs up by holding your feet in the tip-toe position. By holding your legs up with your heel above the ground, it forces the calves to be stretched.
wall-assisted foot stretch:WALL-ASSISTED FOOT STRETCH(Upper Calves) -> While seated or while standing, put one foot against the wall and bend your leg inward. The stretch is similar to the Tip-Toe Stretch.
cat-cow stretch:CAT-COW STRETCH(Abdominals) -> In the cow position, slowly bow your spine inward and outward. As your back bends inward, your abdominals are stretched; repeating the motion thereby perpetually stretches this muscle group.